DLCs/ElementalHarmony.md, before:

# Elemental Harmony

## Race: Phlegethon
- Elements: Fire, Blood
- Mana capacity: Medium
- Mana rate: Medium

In a desert, Phlegethontes look entirely human. In humid places, though, their skin steams softly, and in the cold, their flesh gradually goes clear, showing their veins, which seem to flow with liquid fire, and their eye sockets, which have roaring candle flames behind the eyeballs. Cutting them releases the burning blood. They have a sixth sense for other people around them, the heat of their breath and beating of their blood standing out to a Phlegethon like a spotlight, though they can’t distinguish individuals well.

On death, the flames from their blood spread explosively, and cannot be quenched without magic. If the flames take a life, or an intact heart is fed into them, the Phlegethon will reconstitute themself.

__Phlegethontes draw Mana__ from Crowds. Phlegethontes charge when in the presence of many people. They can gain a trickle from as few as two others, but only reach their full rate when a half-dozen people are nearby. If there are two dozen mortals or a hundred witches or other magical people within a hundred foot radius, they charge at a High rate.

### Perk
- Cost: 4

Some Phlegethons learn to deliberately release a layer of their blood and keep it under control, acting as a sheath of boiling-hot mist which explodes into flames whenever it is struck. This doesn’t impede their senses or injure them.

## Perk: Skimmer Dancing
- Element: Water
- Class: Sorceress
- Cost: 3

You can walk and run across the surface of water or other liquids as if they were solid, even if it's very choppy. You can run up a waterfall, though it will be a little slow. This even extends to lava and similar, though it doesn't protect you from the heat or other dangers.

Commit message:

Moving typeperks generation to DLC files too, moving Moorwalkers

DLCs/ElementalHarmony.md, after:

# Elemental Harmony

## Race: Phlegethon
- Elements: Fire, Blood
- Mana capacity: Medium
- Mana rate: Medium

In a desert, Phlegethontes look entirely human. In humid places, though, their skin steams softly, and in the cold, their flesh gradually goes clear, showing their veins, which seem to flow with liquid fire, and their eye sockets, which have roaring candle flames behind the eyeballs. Cutting them releases the burning blood. They have a sixth sense for other people around them, the heat of their breath and beating of their blood standing out to a Phlegethon like a spotlight, though they can’t distinguish individuals well.

On death, the flames from their blood spread explosively, and cannot be quenched without magic. If the flames take a life, or an intact heart is fed into them, the Phlegethon will reconstitute themself.

__Phlegethontes draw Mana__ from Crowds. Phlegethontes charge when in the presence of many people. They can gain a trickle from as few as two others, but only reach their full rate when a half-dozen people are nearby. If there are two dozen mortals or a hundred witches or other magical people within a hundred foot radius, they charge at a High rate.

### Perk
- Cost: 4

Some Phlegethons learn to deliberately release a layer of their blood and keep it under control, acting as a sheath of boiling-hot mist which explodes into flames whenever it is struck. This doesn’t impede their senses or injure them.


## Race: Moorwalker
- Elements: Earth, Wind
- Mana capacity: Medium
- Mana rate: Low

Moorwalkers look like rough-hewn statues with edges worn soft by centuries of wind. When looking closely at them while they’re sitting still in calm air, a careful observer can notice that their hair, eyes, and fingernails are not all there - they’re translucent air. This is also noticeable with skin contact, where it will always feel like they ‘just missed you’ and a faint breeze will touch your skin. (For this reason they avoid handshakes with mortals, where the ‘missed’ feeling stands out.) Gusts of wind never seem to affect moorwalkers as much as things around them, though this is subtle until the winds reach gale force.

If there is ever no sapient person within ten miles of the spot a moorwalker died, or within ten miles of the largest piece of their bone remaining, they resurrect instantly on the spot.

__Moorwalkers draw Mana__ from Solitude. Moorwalkers gain mana only when at least one hundred feet from any other person. This increases if there are no animals either (bugs and smaller excepted), and with the distance - if a mile from any other people, production increases to Medium. However, this increase is negated if they’re not close to solid land and their rate gets even slower if not in atmosphere.

### Perk
- Cost: 2

A few Moorwalkers who have ventured into space or unusual realms have found that they slowly convert desolation into moor, bare stone and vacuum changing to moss and thin air, then soil and a full atmosphere. This takes years of their presence to complete, but can affect a very large area.


## Perk: Skimmer Dancing
- Element: Water
- Class: Sorceress
- Cost: 3

You can walk and run across the surface of water or other liquids as if they were solid, even if it's very choppy. You can run up a waterfall, though it will be a little slow. This even extends to lava and similar, though it doesn't protect you from the heat or other dangers.
