DLCs/Secundus/Perks.md, before:

# Secundus

## Perk: Greater Dragon
- Class: Warlock
- Element: Beast
- Meta: True
- Requires: Metamorphosis (Dragon)
- Cost: 25

You are a thing seldom seen: A Greater Dragon. Play through Dragonfall by Tok'Haar Gol. Some choices may be redundant with Witch Awakening.

[https://imgchest.com/p/qb4z9axzd7j]

Initially, your draconic form is roughly equivalent to that of Metamorphosis (Dragon) in terms of power. However with time and practice you’ll eventually achieve the full extent of your capabilities as you grow. At this point you may switch your True Form to that of the Greater Dragon. This inverts the function of Metamorphosis (Dragon) instead allowing you to take on the form of your previous Witch species.

You may take Companions and Pacts from Dragonfall. Adjust as needed.


## Perk: Lavender Exaltation
- Class: Warlock
- Element: Life
- Meta: True
- Cost: 25

The Holder of Three Thrones having donned the Lavender Regalia demands another Bride. Demands you. So it shall be that you will become the newest of the Lavender Brides. Play through the Lavender CYOA (NSFW) by EDG.

[https://aearara.neocities.org/Lavender_Cyoa]

To be a Lavender Bride is both a blessing and burden. No longer are you yet another mere mortal however in return you’ve been inextricably bound to an inhuman deity. Where shall you go from here?

If you choose to stay on Earth just keep in mind that you are still bound by the Masquerade.


## Perk: The Mask
- Class: Warlock
- Element: Soul
- Meta: True
- Cost: 15

One night you will be visited by the Mask Maker as many others have been. He's a powerful, enigmatic figure who will craft a special mask just for you. Play through the Mask Maker.

[https://imgur.com/a/fjVdKYG]

A Wooden Mask requires Rank 3+ Magic to damage, the Spirit Mask requires Rank 4+, and the Stone Mask requires Rank 5+. Another individual with a Mask is able to ignore the Magic 4+ requirement to damage a Spirit Mask so long as they use the abilities from their mask.

Asa a Witch you may repair your mask if its damaged or broken. This will require roughly equivalent of a Heroic Quest which can be taken for free as many times as needed.


## Perk: Inheritance
- Class: Academic
- Element: Mind
- Meta: True
- Cost: 15

You are destined to receive a strange package in the mail from an unknown sender. Inside the package will be a set of specialized tools and grimoires for an esoteric magic specialization. Play through An Eldritch Bloodline.

[https://imgur.com/a/7xFhZ]

Gain +25 Sanity from being a Witch. Only Witches of your bloodline seem able to learn this magic. There may be other bloodlines out there however if so they remain hidden from you for now.

Dolls are considered Witches though the extent of their power is what you have selected. You may spend your own power on their behalf and they can benefit from Quests like Companions. You may also take your Doll as your Familiar if desired.


## Perk: Beast Fodder
- Class: Sorceress
- Element: Soul
- Requires: Witchery 5
- Cost: 5

Unlike many other witches you are able to attune non-sapient plants and animals to your pocket dimension. This allows for them to be able to survive off of the false matter creations while in your pocket dimension. If they have magic requirements for their survival such as the Golden Fish for example then you won’t be able to substitute false matter creations in their place. It requires [K]10.000 in Rank 4 ingredients per animal or plant be expended to attune them and any resulting offspring they have will also inherit this trait though only for that specific pocket dimension.
This is specific to your pocket dimension however you may perform this on another witch’s behalf in their pocket dimension at triple the cost.


## Perk: Potion Forgery
- Class: Academic
- Element: Water
- Cost: 4

All witches have their own unique ‘signature’ for the potions they create and you are no exception. What you have a talent for is imitating the unique potion signature of other witches. As long as you have an example of their work then you can easily disguise your own potions as theirs without issue. You also have the ability to make your potions seem either one rank higher or lower than they actually are along with disguising the nature of the potions. For example you could disguise a poison as a healing potion it you wanted. 


## Perk: Cursed Lineage
- Class: Warlock
- Element: Blood
- Requires: Curses 1+
- Cost: 7

For a small amount of additional effort you are able to tie your curses to the very bloodline of those you target. All those descended from that initial individual will in turn inherit the original curse you placed on them and so on and so forth. This ‘bloodline curse’ can last up to the 13th generation after which you will need to ‘refresh’ it should you desire for it to continue. As like with other curses you may establish Conditions if desired.

Commit message:

Add the ability to select multiple factions and multiple faction perks with Multi-Factional

DLCs/Secundus/Perks.md, after:

# Secundus

## Perk: Greater Dragon
- Class: Warlock
- Element: Beast
- Meta: True
- Requires: Metamorphosis (Dragon)
- Cost: 25

You are a thing seldom seen: A Greater Dragon. Play through Dragonfall by Tok'Haar Gol. Some choices may be redundant with Witch Awakening.

[https://imgchest.com/p/qb4z9axzd7j]

Initially, your draconic form is roughly equivalent to that of Metamorphosis (Dragon) in terms of power. However with time and practice you’ll eventually achieve the full extent of your capabilities as you grow. At this point you may switch your True Form to that of the Greater Dragon. This inverts the function of Metamorphosis (Dragon) instead allowing you to take on the form of your previous Witch species.

You may take Companions and Pacts from Dragonfall. Adjust as needed.


## Perk: Lavender Exaltation
- Class: Warlock
- Element: Life
- Meta: True
- Cost: 25

The Holder of Three Thrones having donned the Lavender Regalia demands another Bride. Demands you. So it shall be that you will become the newest of the Lavender Brides. Play through the Lavender CYOA (NSFW) by EDG.

[https://aearara.neocities.org/Lavender_Cyoa]

To be a Lavender Bride is both a blessing and burden. No longer are you yet another mere mortal however in return you’ve been inextricably bound to an inhuman deity. Where shall you go from here?

If you choose to stay on Earth just keep in mind that you are still bound by the Masquerade.


## Perk: The Mask
- Class: Warlock
- Element: Soul
- Meta: True
- Cost: 15

One night you will be visited by the Mask Maker as many others have been. He's a powerful, enigmatic figure who will craft a special mask just for you. Play through the Mask Maker.

[https://imgur.com/a/fjVdKYG]

A Wooden Mask requires Rank 3+ Magic to damage, the Spirit Mask requires Rank 4+, and the Stone Mask requires Rank 5+. Another individual with a Mask is able to ignore the Magic 4+ requirement to damage a Spirit Mask so long as they use the abilities from their mask.

Asa a Witch you may repair your mask if its damaged or broken. This will require roughly equivalent of a Heroic Quest which can be taken for free as many times as needed.


## Perk: Inheritance
- Class: Academic
- Element: Mind
- Meta: True
- Cost: 15

You are destined to receive a strange package in the mail from an unknown sender. Inside the package will be a set of specialized tools and grimoires for an esoteric magic specialization. Play through An Eldritch Bloodline.

[https://imgur.com/a/7xFhZ]

Gain +25 Sanity from being a Witch. Only Witches of your bloodline seem able to learn this magic. There may be other bloodlines out there however if so they remain hidden from you for now.

Dolls are considered Witches though the extent of their power is what you have selected. You may spend your own power on their behalf and they can benefit from Quests like Companions. You may also take your Doll as your Familiar if desired.


## Perk: Beast Fodder
- Class: Sorceress
- Element: Soul
- Requires: Witchery 5
- Cost: 5

Unlike many other witches you are able to attune non-sapient plants and animals to your pocket dimension. This allows for them to be able to survive off of the false matter creations while in your pocket dimension. If they have magic requirements for their survival such as the Golden Fish for example then you won’t be able to substitute false matter creations in their place. It requires [K]10.000 in Rank 4 ingredients per animal or plant be expended to attune them and any resulting offspring they have will also inherit this trait though only for that specific pocket dimension.
This is specific to your pocket dimension however you may perform this on another witch’s behalf in their pocket dimension at triple the cost.


## Perk: Potion Forgery
- Class: Academic
- Element: Water
- Cost: 4

All witches have their own unique ‘signature’ for the potions they create and you are no exception. What you have a talent for is imitating the unique potion signature of other witches. As long as you have an example of their work then you can easily disguise your own potions as theirs without issue. You also have the ability to make your potions seem either one rank higher or lower than they actually are along with disguising the nature of the potions. For example you could disguise a poison as a healing potion it you wanted.


## Perk: Multi-Factional
- Class: Warlock
- Element: Life
- Costs: 4, 10

Swap your Faction rent for a different one. You gain the price reduction for their faction magic rather than your own faction.

For [10] you can also gain access to a secondary Faction Perk. This also provides a discount to their Faction Magic as well. Optionally. you may join this second Faction which gives access to their Quests and all other associated benefits. If you are part of two different Factions then you'll need to find some way to balance your obligations between them both or eventually be forced to commit to one of them entirely. In the case of joining two antagonistic factions such as ORC and Hespatian Covens then you'll need to eventually figure out which one actually has your loyalty. Not a choice to make lightly as you'll end up making an enemy of the Faction you betrayed.

*This is added/removed automatically when you select your faction[s] and faction perk[s]*


## Perk: Cursed Lineage
- Class: Warlock
- Element: Blood
- Requires: Curses 1+
- Cost: 7

For a small amount of additional effort you are able to tie your curses to the very bloodline of those you target. All those descended from that initial individual will in turn inherit the original curse you placed on them and so on and so forth. This ‘bloodline curse’ can last up to the 13th generation after which you will need to ‘refresh’ it should you desire for it to continue. As like with other curses you may establish Conditions if desired.
