TODO.md, before:

# v2
- Add ??? affinity with Cosmic Pearl?
- An extra little box on that says how much that option will actually move your point total if you take it right now
- Art credit (include typefaces)
- Cap vs initial build on the ~same page
- Check all faction perks implementations
- Deduplicate ALL the things
- Doll type perk multicost: 1-4
- Don't trigger Hybridize for Amalgams
- Fix factional magic pictures [faction name overlay]
- Free rank 2 magic for genies
- Heirloom
- Mark which magic from Talisman
- Menu overflow (on Chrome, no scroll)
- Mobile mode
- Multiple classes.
- Screenshot
- Separate section for elementalist magic
- Slot game modes
- some quests come with multiple levels of reward points under certain circumstances. (in particular discount goods is supposed to give you a discount on up to three reward points worth of relics, introductions should count for 4 RP if you're buying a companion with them, late fees should give more points "if you write at least a sentence in your build for each book's own particular predicament", and some should give more points if you have other quests selected.)
- The Lodge perk
- The Relic: Tome of Restore from the Familiar DLC has a prerequisite of Enchantment (a Magic Discipline for the same DLC), which you did not add to your Interactive yet.
- Write explanation for Hybridize
- you can select the following quests without meeting their requirements: death racer (you need street racer), pack tactics (you need gone feral), and halloween town (you need special delivery).

Commit message:

Free rank 2 magic for genies

TODO.md, after:

# v2
- Add ??? affinity with Cosmic Pearl?
- An extra little box on that says how much that option will actually move your point total if you take it right now
- Art credit (include typefaces)
- Cap vs initial build on the ~same page
- Check all faction perks implementations
- Deduplicate ALL the things
- Doll type perk multicost: 1-4
- Don't trigger Hybridize for Amalgams
- Fix factional magic pictures [faction name overlay]
- Heirloom
- Mark which magic from Talisman
- Menu overflow (on Chrome, no scroll)
- Mobile mode
- Multiple classes.
- Relic Points gained from Body Refinement 5 (not showing up in interactive).
- Screenshot
- Separate section for elementalist magic
- Slot game modes
- some quests come with multiple levels of reward points under certain circumstances. (in particular discount goods is supposed to give you a discount on up to three reward points worth of relics, introductions should count for 4 RP if you're buying a companion with them, late fees should give more points "if you write at least a sentence in your build for each book's own particular predicament", and some should give more points if you have other quests selected.)
- The Lodge perk
- The Relic: Tome of Restore from the Familiar DLC has a prerequisite of Enchantment (a Magic Discipline for the same DLC), which you did not add to your Interactive yet.
- Write explanation for Hybridize
- you can select the following quests without meeting their requirements: death racer (you need street racer), pack tactics (you need gone feral), and halloween town (you need special delivery).
