# Loose Assets

## Magic: Lifeweaving
- Class: Sorceress
- Elements: Life, Fire + Soul
- Elementalism: True

Lifeweaving is the pseudo-elemental magic of Life, encompassing a spark of genesis from the moment of creation, it can also be considered the Light element. With Life magic, every rank increases your natural healing factor by 200%. At rank 3, you will never scar and lost organs or limbs can be recovered. At rank 5, you will continue to regenerate from the point of death so long as a living cell remains. If you have a means of cheating death that would be faster, you can choose to default to that first.

### Rank 1
Control motes of light comparable to a few dull LED points of light, which can be used to banish rank 1 curses and heal superficial injuries from scratches and papercuts to small bruises, and heal sicknesses from bacteria or viruses that have not yet shown symptoms. These motes can also purify food or drink from bacteria or viruses.

### Rank 2
Control motes of light comparable to a flashlight, which can banish rank 2 curses and heal minor injuries from simple lacerations to decent sized bruises, can heal sicknesses that have started to show symptoms, or other forms of disease that have not yet shown symptoms including a genetic flaw, so long as you’re aware of it. These motes can purify food and drink from any natural contaminate. Can now cause intense flashes of light sufficient to blind onlookers for a few seconds, which directly harms undead and demons similar to as though it were a rank 2 Fire spell with the added advantage of effectively having no travel time, though this only applies within soft

### Rank 3
Control motes of light comparable to a spotlight, which can banish rank 3 curses and heal moderate injuries from lacerations to significant bruising, can heal natural diseases outright, and magical sourced diseases caused by up to rank 2 magic, including curing genetic conditions or body functions gone out of control. You can cause intense flashes of light that can permanently blind unless you wish otherwise, and can cause burning damage equivalent to rank 1 fire magic, while the light harms undead like a rank S fire spell, damage applying within 100ft. Can now bathe a target in a warm soothing light that reveals any curses or ailments with both a visual cue and a sixth sense in your mind. This light also provides pain relief lasting up to 8 hours, and calms anxiety or emotions of despair and fear.

### Rank 4
Control motes of light comparable to stadium lighting, which can banish rank 4 curses and heal severe injuries or heal any disease of a natural source or magic source up to rank 3. The flashes of light you cause can affect 300ft areas and you can focus the flash into a cone shape up to 600ft long, Soft wide at the end, which you can maintain like a spotlight. This flash within this area can optionally cause harm as though it were a rank 2 fire magic, while harming undead or demons as though it were rank + Beyond the given range, it’s just normal light with normal behavior. The soothing light now can now be distilled into a drop of liquid light which can be applied to a form of bath, hot springs are favored, to produce healing waters with a deep soothing effect that provides pain relief for up to 24 hours and the waters itself will remain potent for 6hours. Lifeweaving can now be used to generate hardlight objects emulating any mundane object, or enchant existing objects (even hardlight you made) with the effects of the Sun Shard relic. Hardlight objects you make can be manipulated with your will similar to telekinesis, allowing a floating shield as though supported by your own strength, or simple halos of light that envelop existing objects to move them. Hardlight can emulate projectile weapons but they destabilize outside of 300 meters.

### Rank 5
Control motes of light comparable to the light of day, which can banish rank 5 curses and heal critical or would-be fatal injuries and any disease including from magical sources up to rank 4. Flashes affect 1,000ft areas or 1 mile long cones, which harm like a rank 3 fire spell if desired, or a rank 5 harm to undead and demons. Flash lighting can now heal allies with the rank 3 healing tier, even as it’s harming enemies. Soothing light can permanently alleviate currently existing sources of chronic pain, physical or mental, and can banish Psychotic manipulations. A distilled drop can permanently enchant a spring’s waters with its effect, until that water is too dispersed or more than a mile from the source. Alternatively, you can use a distilled drop to anoint a body in a 30 minute ritual to resurrect the dead so long as the body still has flesh. Hardlight objects are 4x as durable and can now replicate soft features, such as clothing, with dynamic movements and abnormal material properties. With a 5 minute ritual, you can call down the light of the sun to bathe an entire city in the effects of the Flashes, sustained for up to 24 hours. Can stack these rituals to intensify the effect.


## Magic: Visceramancy
- Class: Sorceress
- Elements: Blood, Body + Necro
- Elementalism: True

Visceramancy is the elemental magic of Flesh. With each rank, you become resistant to forced transformations up to your rank in visceramancy and immune to those from 1 rank less, resistance means the duration is halved or if there is no duration, it gains a duration of 5 minutes. You can focus to eat away at the duration faster at 1 minute of duration per second of focus. At rank 3, you cannot scar and healing effects can always result in the return of bodily function, limbs can be reattached or organs placed back. At rank 5, your body will always maintain functionality regardless of missing components. If your heart is removed, it would keep beating on its own, and your body would operate without it. You can still see and feel from removed parts. ie; placing an eye somewhere lets you keep sight of that area, for example.

### Rank 1
Control or generate strands of flesh comparable to a 10ft length of twine, 1 length or multiple adding up to it. You can use these strands as flesh sutures to stitch wounds shut- or mouths, eyes, or stitch your initials into someone for fun, you do you. They pierce flesh as easily as fine needles and move from a point on your own body out to within that 10ft reach. You can also use these as extra fingers for manipulating objects.

### Rank 2
Control or generate flesh comparable to an adult human limb in a rough lump sum mass, or a 50ft length of twine that can be up to the thickness of a rope and just as durable. Your generated flesh can include nerves that feed sensory information to you, for now just the sensation of touch. You can project lumps of flesh with the force and distance of a slingshot, which can then disperse into twine or rope to grapple. The mass or ropes may or may not drip blood.

### Rank 3
Control or generate flesh comparable to an adult human body in a rough mass, or 100ft length of twine that can be up to 5x the thickness of a rope as durable as a wood branch. Generated flesh can now grow a sensory organ any of the 5 senses, such as growing eyes that count as your own to look around a corner or through a vent. You can link the nerves of your generated flesh to the nerves of another to share sensations. When doing so, you can now control their flesh to grow additional nerves where you please and reshape their flesh adding or subtracting mass, and alter pigmentation to change hair, eye, or skin color. If you have necromancy, you can reshape their bones through this connection. With force, you could cause someone to tear apart with this effect or open lacerations. Note: Your tendrils or outright tentacles have the dexterity and speed of that of an octopus, while you must preprogram what your launched gobs of flesh will do ahead of time, without an active link to control it live.

### Rank 4
Control or generate flesh comparable to an elephant in rough mass, or S00ft lengths of tendrils that can be up to the thickness of an adult limb and as durable as aluminum. You can now grow sensory organs of senses that exist in nature, such as eyes that see other wavelengths of light, see better in night, ears that hear new frequencies, or change existing sensory organs in a linked target to exclude a certain wavelength. You can mend or cause flesh based conditions on a genetic level such that their offspring might have the same changes. You can resuscitate dead flesh, though a dead person would still lack their soul if not resuscitated within 10 minutes unless a witch whose cheat death method has not been invalidated yet. You can have your tendrils immediately interact with nerves such that they are not felt on contact.

### Rank 5
Control or generate flesh comparable to 3 blue whales in rough mass or 1,000ft lengths of tendrils that can be up to the thickness of an adult elephant’s trunk and as durable as steel. You now remain connected to flesh you generate from any distance, and the globs of flesh you can launch can now have up to the speed and distance of a 9mm bullet (An effective range of up to 90ft or 30m, with skill). Your control over your tendrils is more dextrous and speedy now, being as fast as the movements of your own fingers or arms rather than the slower movements of an octopus. You could do it manually, but now you can set autonomous conditions for growths to achieve some goal or passive responsibility, such as an eye organ that only gets your attention when it sees something, specific or otherwise. A skin layer on the ground that responds to pressure to cause tendrils to emerge and do with the victim what they were told to do, and/or alert the visceramancer. Eyeball spiders are popular uses as well.


## Magic: Arachnescence
- Class: Warlock
- Elements: Beast, Necro, Mind

Arachnescence is the magic of spiders woven by the spider goddess personally to bless her favored children. This magic governs the weaving of webs through mana, body reinforcement, providing a base ability set of Arachnes. The form of an arachne can be imitated by spider Taura, who are more simply a manner of drider, where the Arachne is made after the pattern of the spider goddess.

### Rank 1
With rank 1 users obtain the ability to shapeshift into any mundane spider and produce the same web at the same rates that it does, have the same movement, ect, all its traits. They must have seen one of these spiders in person first. After assuming a form once, the witch gains one adaptive slot for applying a spider trait from any spider they’ve adopted, changing it when desired, but only having the one active. For example, maintaining the Black Widow’s venom outside of the Black Widow form, including other spider forms, or the ability to produce spider web even in the form of a neutral if that was their type. It can’t be major form altering traits like spider legs.

### Rank 2
At rank 2 practitioners of this craft gain a second adaptive slot and the ability to shapeshift into supernatural spiders that don’t have magical abilities, such as giant spiders, dire spiders, ect. They can now grow a pair of gem-like beads as a secondary pair of eyes on their forehead which allows them to have a dark vision that sees in black and white but without requiring light. These eyes can notice things and warn you like a sixth sense when you might not have noticed them otherwise. Additionally, the witch can now climb on any surface that can support their weight, though they must properly support themselves so it may not look the most graceful.

### Rank 3
Rank 3 brings with it a third adaptive slot, and the ability to partially shapeshift into the various available spiders but for now it’s limited to replacing an existing body part with an equivalent, without adding extra parts. Spider parts are more durable, like wearing wooden armor. They grow a second pair of spider eyes which provide thermal vision. Regardless of adaptive slots, the witch is now able to produce webbing from their body in any 2 different ways you wish, functionally identical to what you’d expect from spiderman. Sticky ropes behaving like grappling hooks anchoring to nearly any surface. Being made of mana, you can banish them on demand as to not make a mess.

### Rank 4
With rank 4 they gain a fourth adaptive slot, and can now add spider body parts to themselves rather than replace body parts. They can acquire spider limbs from their back or hips for example, and they can now grow spider eyes where they wish across their body which can increase their field of view or ability to notice threats at back angles without messing with their field of view. They could imitate an arachne form at this stage but they aren’t quite there yet in truth. This is limited to adding the same parts available to one spider form if it were scaled up to human height, so they couldn’t just keep adding mass and extra legs like an abomination. They can now fire web projectiles offensively like bullets, arrows, or harpoons. They can apply any venom effects they have to their webbing either on injury or on contact more slowly through the skin. Rather than wood, spider parts are more like thin steel armor, and the web is as durable as a cable rather than rope. Their spider eyes are hypnotic, having a lulling effect that captures the attention like the enthrall perk, while eye contact is maintained, and you can issue suggestions like the suggestion perk when this is in effect. If you have either perk, the effects are twice as strong as the perk describes.

### Rank 5
At rank 5, they have a fifth adaptive slot and they can combine equivalent mass and parts to 3 prior spiders, being larger if desired or just adding extra eyes. Every eye is now a partial brain forming a networked mind. So long as they have gem eyes, they have a functioning brain regardless of damage to the head. They can now shapeshift or make use of parts and traits from magical spider beings, provided the effects are roughly balanced to compare to a rank 5 magic effect. If the arachne has curses, they can deliver curses wordlessly through eye contact or an eye can be sacrificed (occupying that space for an eye until healed) to deliver another spell effect directly onto the target without travel time, such as using a Firecalling evil eye to cause them to self immolate. The Arachne can control their spiderwebs as though they were prehensile and telekinetically animated. If a being is wrapped with at least 10 loops of web, the arachne can induce suspended animation lasting until the web is removed.
