DLCs/FamiliarGranny/Relics.md, before:

# Familiar Granny

## Relic: Trainer Bands
- Class: Sorceress
- Cost: 4

I thought I lost you! So that's where I left it... A-anyways when these bands are placed on your body, it makes your body harder to move. In turn it makes your magic easier to sense and control, making spell casting less draining mentally, while making walking feel like a moderate jog. Don't worry, the bands resize to comfortably fit any limbs you put them on. The limiting effect is also effective as a training device, enough that a sorceress can gain a single might after daily chores and commuting, if they actually remember to walk instead of fly. I also remember this making a certain bald musclehead disappointed as well.

## Relic: Cursed Cards
- Cost: 18

While I was traveling, I luckily picked up these nifty things as a souvenir from some evil god, or maybe it was a devil god?

Anyways, these cards are quite tricky, as they will force the loser of any games played with them to obey any 1 thing the winner says, covenants in card form if you will, though I think it works as a curse. The players don't even need to be aware of this. I was told that it is best to set a time limit, as the command will not stop otherwise. I was also told that the effect is really powerful, so much that most of the gods around here could not resist the magic, much less break it. I was on my way to test a set myself. I got two.

## Relic: Blur Form
- Classes: Sorceress, Academic
- Cost: 4

This potion, when ingested, modifies your true form with physical traits of another witch, such as an Oread's ears, or a Doll's skin. The potions works by having a base of easy enough to get tier 3 ingredients, and the DNA of a witch that the form will be blurred towards. Somebody with rank 3 in potions can tailor make them, allowing specific parts to be gained, otherwise the potions will only have a general effect.

For [6] power, you get this recipe. I will accept [1] power to make any kind you choose. Hell, I'll even throw in a second for the first purchase. <!-- These single potions also don't count against my 3 limitation on items. --> Only the recipe receives the discount.

Commit message:

Tome of Restore from the Familiar Granny DLC

DLCs/FamiliarGranny/Relics.md, after:

# Familiar Granny

## Relic: Trainer Bands
- Class: Sorceress
- Cost: 4

I thought I lost you! So that's where I left it... A-anyways when these bands are placed on your body, it makes your body harder to move. In turn it makes your magic easier to sense and control, making spell casting less draining mentally, while making walking feel like a moderate jog. Don't worry, the bands resize to comfortably fit any limbs you put them on. The limiting effect is also effective as a training device, enough that a sorceress can gain a single might after daily chores and commuting, if they actually remember to walk instead of fly. I also remember this making a certain bald musclehead disappointed as well.


## Relic: Cursed Cards
- Cost: 18

While I was traveling, I luckily picked up these nifty things as a souvenir from some evil god, or maybe it was a devil god?

Anyways, these cards are quite tricky, as they will force the loser of any games played with them to obey any 1 thing the winner says, covenants in card form if you will, though I think it works as a curse. The players don't even need to be aware of this. I was told that it is best to set a time limit, as the command will not stop otherwise. I was also told that the effect is really powerful, so much that most of the gods around here could not resist the magic, much less break it. I was on my way to test a set myself. I got two.

## Relic: Tome of Restore
- Class: Academic
- Cost: 3
 
This tome contains the enchantment rune for restore, also known as the healing one. But a smart witch can use it for so much more. And in case you haven't realized it yet, this rune would allow you to achieve, if somewhat annoying, immortality, so long as you can use the rune. Of course, many factions would love to add this to their collection, and since I want make sure these are actually used and not locked up in a dusty vault, I have one big restriction, *only an academic class witch with some rank in enchantment can buy this*. In return, I have this on heavy discount for that special witch. 


## Relic: Blur Form
- Classes: Sorceress, Academic
- Cost: 4

This potion, when ingested, modifies your true form with physical traits of another witch, such as an Oread's ears, or a Doll's skin. The potions works by having a base of easy enough to get tier 3 ingredients, and the DNA of a witch that the form will be blurred towards. Somebody with rank 3 in potions can tailor make them, allowing specific parts to be gained, otherwise the potions will only have a general effect.

For [6] power, you get this recipe. I will accept [1] power to make any kind you choose. Hell, I'll even throw in a second for the first purchase. <!-- These single potions also don't count against my 3 limitation on items. --> Only the recipe receives the discount.
