DLCs/TheLibrary/Perks.md, before:

# The Library

## Perk: Full Steam Ahead
- Element: Water
- Class: Sorceress
- Cost: 4

Free with [Waterworking] 3+.

You can move at 50mph though water without feeling the ill effects of water resistance, and have a sonar-like sense that gives you a perfect 3 dimensional map of your surroundings when submerged. If you have witchery, you can add you maximum broom speed to your swim speed.


## Perk: Whispering Wind
- Element: Wind
- Class: Sorceress
- Cost: 4

An unusual knack which allows one to carry their voice on the wind. This ability only works within line of sight, or if it's a nearby area you already know extremely well. Whisper in the ear of an ally, speak softly and be heard perfectly clearly by an entire crowd or if you're feeling particularly obnoxious, shout directly in someone's ear.


## Perk: Scroll-making
- Element: All
- Class: Academic
- Cost: 10

Learn to create scrolls with a one-time use elemental spell built into them. Making a scroll costs three times as much mana as using the spell would normally cost, but once created, can be used by anyone. Whoever holds the scroll instinctively knows what magic is contained within it, and how to use it. Be warned, scrolls can be used by a mundane human, and losing track of one could easily lead to a masquerade violation.


## Perk: Sealing Wards
- Element: All
- Class: Warlock
- Cost: 15

Ever heard one of those stories where some great evil is sealed away for one thousand years? This is the magic that does that, a highly-specialized runic art based on Djinn lamps which allows one to seal a (willing or incapacitated) living (or unliving) being away within a specially prepared vessel. They will be held in stasis for a period of 1000 years, or until the vessel is broken.


## Perk: Magic Muffins and cursed cookies
- Element: Body
- Class: Academic
- Cost: 2

Learn to imbue magics and potions you know into the food you make. Create a cake that heals, or a batch of cookies that cure hangovers. Fae are particularly notorious for utilizing this in conjunction with covenant magics.


## Perk: Monster-Tamer
- Element: Beast
- Class: Warlock
- Cost: 6

Monsters just seem so much more... docile around you. With most monsters having lower levels of aggression, and a newfound tendency towards learning and conditioning, you can safely be near and even directly handled otherwise deadly creatures... usually. If a monster goes a week spending at least 8 hours a day in your presence this docile effect becomes permanent. This perk has no effect on sentient monsters.


## Perk: Technomancy
- Element: Metal
- Class: Academic
- Requires: Digicasting 3+
- Cost: 8

Gain the ability to connect to and seize control of electrical devices. This isn't quite so sophisticated as the hacking granted by integration, but it is able to “hack” into both wired and wireless devices.

Commit message:

Add the two remaining perks from The Library

DLCs/TheLibrary/Perks.md, after:

# The Library

## Perk: A kind Fate
- Element: Nature
- Class: Warlock
- Cost: 3

You have been blessed by a kind fate, or more accurately, your pets have. Fate will twist ever so slightly to keep your beloved beasties from harm, and so long as you don't put them in harm's way, you can expect them to live unusually long and very happy lives.


## Perk: Chance Mage
- Element: Soul
- Class: Sorceress
- Cost: 8

Gain the ability to minorly influence probability, increase the chance of a coin coming up heads, of a pair of dice rolling snake eyes, or of the old floorboards under your opponent giving way at just the right time. The more chaotic an environment is, the more room there is for this magic to take hold, and the more pronounced the effect will be.


## Perk: Full Steam Ahead
- Element: Water
- Class: Sorceress
- Cost: 4

Free with [Waterworking] 3+.

You can move at 50mph though water without feeling the ill effects of water resistance, and have a sonar-like sense that gives you a perfect 3 dimensional map of your surroundings when submerged. If you have witchery, you can add you maximum broom speed to your swim speed.


## Perk: Whispering Wind
- Element: Wind
- Class: Sorceress
- Cost: 4

An unusual knack which allows one to carry their voice on the wind. This ability only works within line of sight, or if it's a nearby area you already know extremely well. Whisper in the ear of an ally, speak softly and be heard perfectly clearly by an entire crowd or if you're feeling particularly obnoxious, shout directly in someone's ear.


## Perk: Scroll-making
- Element: All
- Class: Academic
- Cost: 10

Learn to create scrolls with a one-time use elemental spell built into them. Making a scroll costs three times as much mana as using the spell would normally cost, but once created, can be used by anyone. Whoever holds the scroll instinctively knows what magic is contained within it, and how to use it. Be warned, scrolls can be used by a mundane human, and losing track of one could easily lead to a masquerade violation.


## Perk: Sealing Wards
- Element: All
- Class: Warlock
- Cost: 15

Ever heard one of those stories where some great evil is sealed away for one thousand years? This is the magic that does that, a highly-specialized runic art based on Djinn lamps which allows one to seal a (willing or incapacitated) living (or unliving) being away within a specially prepared vessel. They will be held in stasis for a period of 1000 years, or until the vessel is broken.


## Perk: Magic Muffins and cursed cookies
- Element: Body
- Class: Academic
- Cost: 2

Learn to imbue magics and potions you know into the food you make. Create a cake that heals, or a batch of cookies that cure hangovers. Fae are particularly notorious for utilizing this in conjunction with covenant magics.


## Perk: Monster-Tamer
- Element: Beast
- Class: Warlock
- Cost: 6

Monsters just seem so much more... docile around you. With most monsters having lower levels of aggression, and a newfound tendency towards learning and conditioning, you can safely be near and even directly handled otherwise deadly creatures... usually. If a monster goes a week spending at least 8 hours a day in your presence this docile effect becomes permanent. This perk has no effect on sentient monsters.


## Perk: Technomancy
- Element: Metal
- Class: Academic
- Requires: Digicasting 3+
- Cost: 8

Gain the ability to connect to and seize control of electrical devices. This isn't quite so sophisticated as the hacking granted by integration, but it is able to “hack” into both wired and wireless devices.
