# Piecemeal

## Faction: Outward Bound
- Motto: Going to the stars, chasing surprises

Not everyone who joins Outward Bound is an expert or prodigy like Hawthorne recruits, but a lot of them are, because the one thing you absolutely need is to care more about seeing something new, created or discovered, than ease of access to your friends back on the Earths, safety, or even (past a point) material prosperity. Outward Bound is both a place and the people who live there, a dimensional bubble anchored to a space-capable battleship headed to Proxima Centauri at an ever-increasing fraction of lightspeed. It's the passion project of Doctor Outward, a two-century-old witch who was annoyed no one was pushing the boundaries like Professor Hawthorne and Einodia did. He aggressively chased everything anyone would teach him, started combining them into a new discipline, and set out with a dozen friends to reach distant planets and see what the many dimensions of them were like.
The Bounders are accused of being an incestuous cult, accusations Outward denies but makes no attempt to dispute. They're certainly very startup-like in their culture, and extended periods stuck away from Earth makes them insular. And the kind of person who picks the project trying to fly to the stars in inconvenient conditions typically also is excited about many novel experiences, so those accusations are mostly accurate. They have injokes like a college dorm where everyone stays for decades, which&nbsp;are sometimes hard to distinguish from&nbsp;the LARPs and ARGs that fade into normal life.
Defense against Outsiders and magical research are the only things Bounders reliably take seriously.&nbsp;Not everyone is a research witch, but almost everyone who isn't is working directly with one, a researcher's family, or both. All witches are expected to practice combat magic and Outsider detection, and the sorceress practice gyms downtown are elaborate and often drafted for wargames if some&nbsp;new threat's been reported (or sometimes theorized, or just invented because it would make for a fun wargame). They're at higher risk than anyone even after their paranoia, so it's not a joke or opportunity to troll, unlike most everything else.
Unless you're leading a project, you're not expected to spend all your time in the Bound, and most Outward Bounders start taking multi-month vacations at least once a year by the end of their first decade at the latest, and almost everyone leaves for a couple weekends a month and a week here and there even in the first year where it still feels like a big college-town city. It's rare for them to stay away too long, though; once it gets to a year you start having to learn a bunch of shifting terminology and lose your spot in the long-running campaigns and aren't guaranteed your spot back in whatever project you were doing.
In general, Outward Bound has adapted heavily to being isolated most of the time and full of enthusiastic magic nerds by gathering intense sensates and artists of food, performance, and games to bring the most interesting and intense of the Earths there to entertain them when they're not working, and many of the permanent residents spend their vacations gathering new experiences to share and, where they can't get them at home, the skills to reproduce them. By far the most popular vacation weeks are for wilderness art festivals, mortal or magical.

### Location
It holds about a thousand people and has space for five thousand, though the main bubble (usually called The Ship) is gradually increasing in size.&nbsp;There's permanent portals tying it to Earth, but the pressure they're putting on it means they only work when the Doctor or one of the other powerful portal specialists put effort into it, which means you need to schedule your vacations to start and end when they're connected (synced to three times a day and twice a night on the weekends, roughly). There are a couple smaller bubbles headed to Barnard's Star, Ross 128, and Luyten, but those are fifty-person capacity and treated as unpleasant maintenance duty.
The Ship is mostly Doctor Outward's personal demense, built inside the battleship, but expanded to fifty acres of Manhattan, with its own Central Park at the center and star-viewing pockets along the outside, and large ranges of apartments and bubble cottages between. Everyone else who can manage more than an apartment's worth sets up their own bubble, and these tend to turn over fast and&nbsp;change faster. Strange restaurants, dance clubs, theaters, and concerts pop up for weeks and rarely stay for more than months, and the town is covered in other new experiences sampled from somewhere on Earth and shared in a refurbished living room or custom-made new bubble building.
While the streetplan of The Ship is kept rigid, only changed at all once a decade, Outward Bound remains difficult to navigate. Most small bubbles are directly connected to the Ship, but far from all, and the intermediate bubbles change attachment points regularly and even their names. To make things worse, the imitation HexVPN network that spreads through the Ship has spotty coverage in bubbles, connects poorly if you haven't set your phone up to local standards, and just generally isn't as good. The drawbacks of chasing novelty - you get less of the standard fruits of society.

### Relations
Outward Bound and Hawthorne are like affectionately squabbling cousins, and Bounders are largely patronizingly fond of Arcadia. Doctor Outward dislikes Culicarius but is good friends with Kate, which sets the tone for Lunabellan relations. The Ship runs too much risk of Outsider contamination for the Watchers, ORC, or Alphazon to be comfortable with it, and Alfheimingr, Stackhomers, and Hespatians have a tendency to join, either for curiosity or to escape, which generates mixed feelings.

### Perk: Crosstalk
An Outward Bound witch can leave visible sensors behind, lasting around a year, that let them talk, listen, watch and be seen to any locations they like, and transfer data if they have a device or enchantment for it. If they have at least some magic that works with pocket spaces, they can anchor backpack-sized storage pockets to them, and allow others to use them; if the pocket breaks, its contents all return to the creator... might take a while, though. They also get a 2-point discount on any other faction's magic except Outsider or the nonmagical factions.
