# Piecemeal

## Magic: Demiplanes
- Class: Sorceress
- Faction: Outward Bound
- Elements: Life, Soul, Nature

Demiplanes are the magic of creating new space where once there was nothing and attuning it to your own nature. Theoretically, this is the same magic the gods themselves use to create their afterlives and the (mostly-)mortal worlds out of the raw fabric of the divine and prime spheres, at greatly reduced strength. A great feat of durable demiplane creation was probably involved in Mother granting her Witchery Gifts to her descendants. In practice, its primary purpose is to make small pockets of the world that respond to their creator's nature and whims, which is much easier to learn from a sorcerous perspective than academically, much to many Bounder nerds' chagrin. Material created within a demiplane can't usually be usefully removed from it, though other magic can change that.&nbsp;Anything brought into it is pushed out of the access point in a messy pile when it ends. Demiplanes last through their creator's death, but not indefinitely; if the creator isn't resurrected and returned to sustain it again, they'll decay and close.

### Rank 1
The basic demiplane is a 10 ft. diameter sphere with an access point 2 ft. across, which has its physical layout broadly as the creator envisioned, though all colors are washed out, textures other than stone or wood are difficult, and fixtures with moving parts won't work. It does not change itself after it's created on its own. Animals and insects cannot enter without your permission, and you know the number of sapient intruders and how long they've been present. Digicasting and visualization exercises can improve the initial state.&nbsp;The access point cannot be moved without taking down the demiplane. Demiplanes shut down a week and a day after the creator dies; anyone with demiplanes can observe a demiplane they're in to determine whether it's decaying and how long they have until shutdown.

### Rank 2
At rank 2, the demiplane size increases to 40 ft. across and the access point to 5 ft. across, and both of these can be any simple shape (cylinder, prism, ovoid, platonic solid, etc.) as long as they keep the same volume/area respectively. The range of textures and colors expands, though soft beds and vibrant murals still need to be imported, and the shape can change slowly over the course of weeks. Doors, windows, locks, and light levels respond to the creator's will; if they can fold space with Aethernautics, that can be applied freely without line of sight anywhere in the demiplane and doesn't take concentration to sustain. The access point can be moved across another demiplane's boundary, or&nbsp;by up to 10 miles,&nbsp;as long as no one but the creator is in the demiplane at the time; this takes an hour. The access point can be hidden to anyone but the creator, if they wish (switching it takes 10 minutes), but if it's in a domain or demiplane it's visible to the owner. A decaying demiplane now takes a month and a day to close.

### Rank 3
Demiplanes at rank 3 can be 160 ft. across or reshaped arbitrarily, though no part can be less than 2 ft. across. The restrictions on texture and color are removed, movable furniture and precise mechanisms work, and it can sprout ordinary plants and encourage or discourage growth of all plants selectively. The creator gets a basic sense of anyone intruding on their demiplane, and can set up a curse to affect anyone they judge as an intruder, at a rank two below their rank of Demiplanes, or their Curses rank if that's higher. The creator may make a temporary self-only access point wherever they are, and move the main access point by 40 miles or two demiplane boundaries in ten minutes. Deliberate change takes only days with proper visualization.&nbsp;Any changes the creator can apply to a domain with Dominion can be applied here without counting as their bubble. Decay takes a year and a week.

### Rank 4
In their demiplane, with the volume up to a 640-ft.-diameter sphere, the creator knows detailed sensory impressions of everything within and everyone trying to enter. They can have three permanent access points, as long as no two of them are separated by more than 5 miles or three demiplane boundaries, and changing the location of an entrance, or the internal shape of the demiplane, takes only minutes if no one else is in the demiplane. Hidden access points may be locked to, the creator and specific people they designate in person; seeing them is possible for the 'landlord' or with Divination, but forcing access to them is difficult even with rank 4 or 5 magic. Covenants magic may be used to designate a more complex criterion. Aging has no effect while within a demiplane of rank 4 and welcomed by its creator, though half of the aging may apply when they leave if not fixed with an arch-curative first. Decay takes a decade and a month.

### Rank 5
A rank 5 demiplane can have a diameter of one mile, and can be rearranged instantly if no one but the creator is within. Furnishings and contents are limited only by needing to understand anything they create that they are not duplicating from something they've personally examined, and things like plumbing, electricity, or beer on tap just work. They can create unintelligent animals within the demiplane, though they will not leave and grow sick and die within days if they try; creating them takes days to take effect. The creator's senses for their demiplane are more like proprioception than sight or hearing, they can flex small changes like wiggling their fingers, and they automatically know the names of anyone within. They may use their magic at any point in the demiplane as long as they're somewhere within, and using magic normally takes less effort and mana for the creator and more for anyone who's intruding. A creator with Wands gets particular benefits; if they rest in their demiplane, they get +50% spell usages, as long as they use them within the demiplane. No one welcome in this level of demiplane ages unless they want to, they de-age slowly as they'd prefer, and there's no backlash on leaving. The demiplane's creator can't be killed while at home; they resurrect like an elf at a lifeshrine. Decay takes a century and a year.