# Breaking News

## Faction: The Lydian Sisterhood
- Short name: Lydian
- Collective name: The Lydians
- Motto: Shamans Without Borders

A truly ancient faction, the earliest predecessors of the Sisterhood (a gender-neutral term covering an members) date back to some of the first known witches on Earth. The stories of wise women living alone in the woods. communing with nature and helping passersby with a potion or augury, are often based on Lydians. But our goals have always been much bigger than just telling farmers when to sow. Humans share the Earth with a vast array of supernatural entities, in both the physical and spirit planes, and we act as intermediaries between these worlds. Forging pacts and mediating disputes between Earth's denizens and... other interested parties, and ensuring that humanity has a safe place in the balance of power. While we aren't pacifists, we would much rather make friends than enemies, and most view diplomacy as the first resort and violence as a distant second.

Where we differ from most other factions, and the reason some don't consider us a faction at all, is that we don't have hierarchies or a central authority. Since no one is in charge, every Lydian has the freedom to negotiate their own terms without being bound by existing agreements another Lydian may have made. We have no restrictions on joining and no formal list of members, but we are unified by our shared priorities of negotiation, collaboration, and protecting mundane humans. Witches who don't uphold these values are effectively blacklisted from the Sisterhood until they change their approach, as Lydians won't want to work with them. The unstructured nature of the sisterhood doesn't mean you'd be on your own however. There's no strict requirements or top-down orders, but we have a cultural expectation to help each other out when is not too inconvenient. We all pitch in where we can, and that means we all have a network to fall back on when we have problems too big to handle alone, or just out of our wheelhouse. Some groups of sisters establish more permanent volunteer organizations geared towards a specific goal, the Lydian News Network being one example. The Sisterhood also tends to attract sociable sorts in general, so you can expect to be invited to lots of gatherings if you make even a slight effort to make friends.

We typically stay away from celestials and demons, leaving them to the Watchers and Hespatia respectively, and instead deal heavily with the multitude of gods and Spirits of the world. The difference between the two groups is more one of scale than kind, for the record. While any witch can work for a divine patron and gain personal boons, Lydians care more about maintaining a good relationship between spirits and humans, for a longer-term payoff for all parties. Most sisters work with small local gods, but as one of the more powerful witches out there you could move In the “big leagues” with the kind of gods most people have heard of, if you want to. If you join up with us, you'd naturally have a lot of freedom for how you want to pursue our goals. Make friends with mundane humans, or nature spirits, or the vampire bloodlines running cities from the shadows. Lead peace talks between dryads and werewolves. Sneak your sick neighbor a potion for a “surprisingly speedy recovery.” Make one-off deals with gods, or form a longer-term pact as a divine intermediary. Provide magical backup for your less powerful sisters' own quests. The sky's the limit, and don't forget we'll have your back.

### Location
Having no central authority, the Sisterhood also lacks anything like a central headquarters. Most of us pick a place to put down roots and build relationships with the local spirits and supernatural denizens, often helping out the mortals in the area while we're at it. Most places on Earth have some amount of supernatural presence, some magical beings have their own hidden societies, while others are solitary creatures. Many prefer to live away from humans, especially larger beasts and those the veil doesn't hide as well. As a result. most Lydians choose to settle down in rural areas, but there are city-based sisters as well. Communal places mostly exist, at the local level, with many pocketspaces or domain bubbles acting as a meeting space for Lydians based out of a given region. Long-distance connections are maintained through sending networks, distributing requests or news on a regional or global level. If you become known as a specialist for a certain type of magic or dealing with a certain kind of entity, you may become the go-to person for handling crises in that field.

### Relations
Our faction relations depend greatly on the individual sister, but we generally pride ourselves on our diplomacy. Though, we are known to have some friction with the Watchers and Hespatians, as we believe in letting humans make their own choices instead of actively shaping society. Regardless, sisters will still often work with both factions to our mutual benefit.

### Perk: Serpent's Tongue
A leftover from a long ago divine pact, you've been blessed with a Diplomat's gifts. You learn languages unnaturally fast (you could go from zero to fluent in a week), and can detect lies, decried as intentional, literal falsehoods. When you speak the truth yourself, others will usually believe you. Not necessarily agree with you, and paranoid enough people may be unaffected, but most will trust that you're not lying to them. Has the side effect of making your voice very pleasant to listen to. 


## Faction: The Seeker's Guild
- Short name: Seeker
- Collective name: The Seekers
- Motto: Going Where no Witch has Before

The Seekers' Guild actually used to be a branch of the Lydian Sisterhood, with a focus on exploration of other realms and establishing relations between them and Earth. When the masquerade was put in place, most other Lydians stayed Earth-based, while the Seekers split off to focus on the rest of the universe. The Guild's self-stated mission is to explore undiscovered realms of the outer spheres, to research and document what can be found there, and to facilitate the entry of previously-uncontacted civilizations into interplanar society. Portals make traveling to established realms easy, but first contact has to be done the old fashioned way. The Guild makes heavy use of magitech realmships to traverse the far reaches of the spheres. Some are tiny vessels with only a captain and a handful of crew members, while others are long-haul ships with hundreds, split into divisions for research, communications, engineering, and so on, each with their own division head below the captain. Captains themselves are answerable to admirals who each oversee several ships and manage guild-wide logistics, with a council of high-ranking admirals functioning as the guild's ultimate authority.

Many guild members are mortal, equipped with some standard-issue magitech tools like scanners and energy shields to reduce the difference in capability between them and their witch crewmates. Still, every ship has at least one or two witches on board to make sure all the systems keep running smoothly. The smaller, faster vessels are typically the ones seeking out brand new realms, scanning and exploring from hours to days and recording the realm's location and basic features and properties before moving on. Larger ships with more crew and equipment will follow up later, staying at a single realm for weeks to months to chart the realm more thoroughly, perform extended research, or hammer out agreements with any local residents. Ships can sometimes be permanently stationed around strategically-valuable, politically-dicey, or mystically-unique realms, becoming more like a space station that can still travel if needed. Ships are also sometimes called to deal with issues within known realmspace, whether strange magical phenomena or diplomatic crises between realms, or even hostile threats. While not a true military, ships and crew do have a significant amount of firepower at their disposal for emergencies.

As a guild member, you'd be trained for a specific position and assigned to a realmship. On a large ship you'd be placed in a division based on your talents and interests, while on a small ship you'd likely be the main person in charge of your specialty, be it navigation, maintenance, research, security, or anything else a crew might need. Since most witches can handle themselves better than mortals in dangerous situations, you can expect to be brought off-ship often as extra insurance for expeditions, even if your position wouldn't normally call for it. Any Seeker companions can be taken as crewmates on your assigned vessel, if you want. A crew position is essentially a full-time job with good pay and benefits and about a month of leave per year. Realmships, especially the larger ones, have ample amenities for relaxation, socialization, and entertainment when off the clock, including magitech features like immersive, programmable illusion rooms. You're also welcome to leave the ship when off-duty if you have the means to, your keystone shard can get you back even if the ship itself has moved. Given time and an stellar service record, you could work your way up the chain of command, even gain command of your own ship someday.

### Location
The Guild is officially the exploratory branch of the Union of Realms, an alliance encompassing large and small planes across the elemental and realm spheres. Each realm has its own government with a high degree of autonomy, the union mostly consisting of trade and defensive agreements with a minimal number of universal laws preventing blatant human rights abuses. Otherwise, portal networks allow even nonwitch union denizens to travel between realms freely, so residents can always leave their native realm if they don't like how things are run. Realms in the union are very individualized from the government and culture down to the nature and baseline physics, though nearly all are, at a minimum, able to sustain humanoid life. The exception being uninhabited realms discovered by the guild and used for harvesting resources or small magically-protected research stations. Another constant across union realms is open awareness of magic. While actual magic-users are rare, the integration of magic and magitech into society results in a generally high quality of life across realms, many being at least partially post-scarcity.

### Relations
The Seekers' Guild has a distant relationship with most Earth-based factions, but are quite friendly with Lunabella, have a tense but cordial relationship with Alfheimr as a major non-Union power, something of a technomagic rivalry with Alphazon, and are still very close with the Sisterhood, collaborating heavily wherever gods and divine Realms are involved.

### Perk: Keystone Shard
This crystal, typically set into a wristband, is a fragment of a larger keystone housed on board your assigned vessel. It can teleport the wearer to the parent keystone from wherever they are, useful for getting out of danger or just quickly returning from an expedition, or from shore leave. Placing the crystal face-down on the ground for 5 minutes sets an additional waypoint, overriding any previous waypoint you may have. Tap the crystal once with intent to teleport to the keystone, or twice to go to the waypoint.
